# E-COUPONS-FOR-BPHC

This project is based on idea of e-coupons which could be bought from Other Advances money. The project starts with a login page. Login page has two options- Login for vendor and students.

Description of vendor side project

The vendor login can be done through entering phone number upon which a otp will be generated and displayed through a alert. After successful login, vendor will be taken to order page where vendor can take order and generate a bill which could be paid by student by scanning the QR code generated by vendor. The vendor can see the transactions by using transaction history option. At last vendor can logout by using logut option.   


Description of student side project

The student can login through id and password or Bits Google Account. Id and password are same as on SWD website. After successful login, student will be taken to order page where student can scan the QR code and pay the bills. Student can see the transaction in transaction history options. They can check their current balance i.e other advances money balance. At last student can logout by using logout option.

PS : The backend is not ready so order page for both vendor and students and login page for student using Google will not work. These pages will be ready for use very soon. Thank You!!!

Commands for running the project :

Clone the project first to your computer. Then run the command npm install . This will create a nodemodules folder in project folder. Then you can run project through command npm start .
